Virat I tired on beat this cricket but only
play by my ru ha ha this is my sport come
[Music]
Na rule na bal thrice miss yer out ok ball
hit the body thrice yer
out ye wala expression banaya to yer out
Rule
Yes, what is this, let's go
[Music]
Let's go out again, yes, it's okay anyway, I am a
bowler, let's bowl the ball, from
now on, the one who hits will bring the ball, go, go
up, what's up, what's the plan,
what's out, which one?  It's out, it's
out, it's out, it's what rules are these, I'm not
playing this game, the rule is if you get angry, you're out, [ __ ] the
game,
I'm looking like a lulu, I'm falling from below,
then hey, I would have done this  If this is a
bowler then you hit it from there, the
bowler doesn't do it like this, the ball is going from here and is
moving like this, obviously this is how we do it,
not once, do you know how I did it, I
gun like this, so what happened,
let's go
Oh it has not come, it is very lassy
short, I hit it oh
Baba, what attitude does it have, then you beat me, I became
interested in [ __ ] me.